Paul Newman his judge Roy Bean the man
that came from nowhere to become a
legend hold it could you lower the
deceased a little bit he's not in the
picture oh this is the life and times of
judge Roy Bean featuring a gallery of
guest stars in a series of vintage
portrayals Jacqueline Bisset Tab Hunter
John Huston Stacy Keach Roddy McDowall
Anthony Perkins and Ava Gardner as Lily
Langtry the judge must have been quite a
character
who are you justice your son
cinnamon and sassafras tea they make the
morning finger little and sunny sweet as
a fiend II don't need a life and times
of judge Roy Bean if the story ain't
true it sure should have been